PHP 'echo' and 'print' Statements
echo and print are more or less the same. They are both used to output data to the screen.
The differences are small: echo has no return value while print has a return value of 1 so it can be used in expressions.
echo can take multiple parameters (although such usage is rare) while print can take one argument.
echo is marginally faster than print, which is why it is most commonly used.

-------

Single Line Comments
Single line comments can also be written using #

# this is a comment line
// this is a comment line
/* this is a comment line */


DocBlock Formatting
A DocBlock is always associated with one, and just one, Structural Element in PHP; so this may either be a file, class, interface, trait, function, constant, method, property or variable. Using a DocBlock you are able to effectively document your application, by describing the function of, and relations between, elements in your source code.
In reality a DocBlock is in fact the name for a combination of a, so-called, DocComment and a block of the PHPDoc Domain Specific Language (DSL). A DocComment is the container that contains documentation that can be formatted according to the PHPDoc Standard.
Commonly a piece of PHPDoc consists of the following three parts in order of appearance:
Summary A short piece of text, usually one line, providing the basic function of the associated element.
Description An optional longer piece of text providing more details on the associated element’s function. This is very useful when working with a complex element.
A series of tags These provide additional information in a structured manner. With these tags you can link to other elements, provide type information for properties and arguments, and more.

-------------

The type of a variable is not usually set by the programmer; rather, it is decided at runtime by PHP depending on the context in which that variable is used. PHP supports eight primitive types.

Four scalar types:
boolean
integer
float (floating-point number, aka double)
string
Two compound types:
array
object
And finally two special types:
resource
NULL
Why variables can't start with a number.
This is a standard for all programming languages. Primarily to standardize between languages whose variables do not start with a symbol. It is easier for a compiler to make an assumption that if a token begins with a number, it is most likely a numeric value rather than a variable name and any non-numeric characters that are a part of the token would assist in determining the numeric type or number system (12e5 is a valid number).
